docs/style.rst, before:

.. _Styles:

Styles
======


The appearance of many of the gui components (also known as widgets) are highly configurable.
There are two ways to alter the style of the interface

1. Use the default style. This will affect every single widget, even ones that have already
   been created.
    
   .. code-block:: python    
        :caption: Example: alter the background color to blue for every widget
        
        style = gui.get_default_style()
        style.bg_color = "blue"

2. Use a custom style. This allows you to customize individual widgets or groups of widgets

   .. code-block:: python
        :caption: Example: create two buttons with a smaller font size 
        
        custom_style = gui.Style(button_text_font_size = 12)
        button1 = gui.Button((50,50),(80,80),label="Small text",style=custom_style)
        button2 = gui.Button((150,50),(80,80),label="Small again",style=custom_style)
        button3 = gui.Button((250,50),(80,80),label="OK")
        
   Custom made styles will all inherit the default settings, so you only need to specify
   those items that need to be altered
    
Styles can be updated dynamically, even after the widget has been created

.. py:class:: Style(**kwargs)

    :param \*\*kwargs: specify style attributes as required 
    :returns: A new Style with attributes set as per kwargs, all others are as per default settings

    .. py:method:: copy(self)

        Return a copy of this style
        
.. py:function:: get_default_style()

    :returns: The default style.

Commit message:

Styles can be duplicated with minor changes

docs/style.rst, after:

.. _Styles:

Styles
======


The appearance of many of the gui components (also known as widgets) are highly configurable.
There are three ways to alter the style of the interface

1. Use the default style. This will affect every single widget, even ones that have already
   been created.
    
   .. code-block:: python    
        :caption: Example: alter the background color to blue for every widget
        
        style = gui.get_default_style()
        style.bg_color = "blue"

2. Use a custom style. This allows you to customize individual widgets or groups of widgets

   .. code-block:: python
        :caption: Example: create two buttons with a smaller font size 
        
        custom_style = gui.Style(button_text_font_size = 12)
        button1 = gui.Button((50,50),(80,80),label="Small text",style=custom_style)
        button2 = gui.Button((150,50),(80,80),label="Small again",style=custom_style)
        button3 = gui.Button((250,50),(80,80),label="OK")
        
   Custom made styles will all inherit the default settings, so you only need to specify
   those items that need to be altered
   
3. Update a pre-existing style. This allows you to use a pre-existing style and
   only change those attributes which need to be changed
   
   .. code-block:: python
        :caption: Example: update a pre-existing style with a new background_color
        
        my_new_style = my_old_style.copy(bg_color="teal")
    
Styles can be updated dynamically, even after the widget has been created

.. py:class:: Style(**kwargs)

    :param \*\*kwargs: specify style attributes as required 
    :returns: A new Style with attributes set as per kwargs, all others are as per default settings

    .. py:method:: copy(self, **kwargs)
        
        :param \*\*kwars: specify style attributes to update as required
        :returns: A new Style with attributes set as per kwargs, all others are as per the original style.
           
.. py:function:: get_default_style()

    :returns: The default style.
